juno is pregnant she had used the
pregnancy stick three times
but every time was positive but humanely
this child should not be born
because juno was just a high school
student she could not raise her child
all the reasons are due to that chair
that day juno and polly
spent a beautiful night together it was
tremendously fun but they would not
expect to end up being pregnant
juno thought of killing herself a high
school student thought about death is
still as childish as their personality
juno bought a rope and hung it on a tree
then put her neck in it but by the time
she hung her neck
she felt uncomfortable so she bit off
the rope the first person juno thought
to share everything about was her best
friend
after confirming that juno was fat not
due to the big belly but she was
pregnant
then her best friend gave her two
options the first one was to stay as a
single mom
and the second one was to have an
abortion whichever way she chose
she had to let the father of the child
know about this this passionate guy is
polly
he is a running athlete after hearing
that juno was pregnant
paulie went from bewildered to scared in
less than two seconds
seeing his boyfriend's frustration about
taking responsibility
juno immediately left and decided to
take care of this on her own
at the entrance of the hospital she met
a classmate holding a sign
protesting against abortion because
maybe your baby already has heartbeats
in shape and how could you mercilessly
get rid of him
her friend's words made her confused
when juno entered the hospital and saw
the fearful pregnant women
juno's wish to abort immediately
vanished she should still give birth to
the baby
it is impossible to raise the baby she
thought of finding a family that wants
to adopt children and let them raise the
kid
if she wanted to give birth juno would
tell her parents about everything
after hesitating for so long juno
finally said what she needed to
after knowing the incident juno's father
asked who the child's father was
when he heard that the father was paulie
he believed that paulie was a good man
yet made tea his happen he blamed his
daughter
juno argued with his father but reaching
this situation to blame the girl is
useless
her parents can only respect juno's way
of thinking when the baby is born
they will find a family willing to adopt
very quickly the adopting family got
there
this couple is infertile a wife named
vanessa demandingly wanted to have a
baby
the couple is very understanding they
promised that after receiving the child
they will usually report the child's
situation on the contrary
juno felt rushed to live as if he wanted
to get rid of her child
juno explained that she didn't want to
sell children she just wanted to find a
family that truly loves the child
the couple was extremely happy after
listening to her they found it hard to
understand the feelings of the child's
mother
as if juno was a teenager juno silently
put on makeup then went
out and accidentally bumped into the
husband named mark marcus a music lover
juno also has such interests juno also
gradually fell
in love with mark but vanessa is a bit
more sensitive
she wondered when the baby was born juno
would give it to her family
after hearing juno's affirmative reply
the couple hugged each other tightly
they seem to be an ideal adopting family
juno's stomach gets bigger and bigger at
school
and she is often
so
vanessa was not at home only mark
welcomed juno
juno showed mark the baby sonogram and
saw his eyes filled with expectation
he and juno happily talked about music
he is a musician
because of the same interests the two
chatted thrillingly by the time vanessa
got back
she bought a bunch of baby things to
take home and went over to see the
baby's ultrasound pictures
after leaving the couple's house juno
went to pali's pali said that after juno
gave birth the two of them would
continue to be together
but juno was not so optimistic she knew
her belly would get bigger and bigger
her body will also increasingly deform
she did not want polly to see her
ugliness
so she advised polly to find a new
girlfriend in the mall
juno watched vanessa play with children
to learn how to be a mother
seeing the children juno's heart felt
extremely warm
her best friend left but she still
stayed to see a little more
this was a feeling that juno had never
experienced she wanted vanessa to talk
to the baby
vanessa was so excited she also heard
the baby sound inside juno's stomach
family members also have some spare time
her mother also makes clothes for the
child
everyone was preparing to welcome this
new life juno's stomach gets bigger
at school she gets laughed at every day
her classmates made fun of her due to
having unusual shapes
giving her the nickname the pig juno she
went in the opposite direction that her
friends went
she just did what she should do during
this time juno ate several times more
than usual
she heard that polly would attend the
festival with another girl juno
expressed the way she did not pay
attention but silently asked paulie why
are you finding a new lover so quickly
paulie's answer made her unable to
object it was you telling me to find a
new person
i did as you told me the two of them
left unhappily
juno's stomach was growing bigger the
child's father appeared to want to have
an affair
juno's heart was now cold but the two
were not husband and wife
so even if polly wanted to have an
affair what right she had to control him
she could only blame herself for not
using proper protection
juno came to the adopting house again
still mark was better suitable for her
they had common interests in music
besides vanessa was also not at home
so the two of them turned on music and
then hugged each other
this action looked like two people were
having an affair sneakily
suddenly mark revealed that he wanted to
break up with vanessa
it was not momentary he had been
thinking about it for a long time
juno pushed mark away it was not right
to do it
a broken family cannot give her baby a
perfect life here
a lot of people have feelings for each
other before giving birth or vice versa
but mark said juno was too innocent when
juno was intending to la
avenue vanessa got back home if everyone
was at home
they should talk to each other properly
mark admitted he wanted a divorce
how they fought then juno didn't know at
that moment
she just wanted to be alone she drove to
the suburbs and started to cry
if the couple was divorced what would
she do with the baby
after crying for a while juno wrote
vanessa a letter
if you have prepared mentally then
everything will still be as it was
juno used to be a girl who was not
understanding but after becoming
pregnant
she seemed to understand a lot of things
juno asked his father what true love was
like
he told juno that the person who truly
loved him would love his truest
appearance
whether it was ugly or beautiful good
character or bad character
that person would always see himself as
bright and honest only someone who truly
loves you is the one who wishes
everything for you after listening to
his father
juno suddenly thought of many things the
next day paulie found out that the
mailbox was full of fruit candies that
he liked the most
he knew that juno put them inside on the
running track juno found polly
she confessed that one thing she had
never said maybe i like you
because every time i saw you the baby in
my stomach would kick hard
on the field two people rushed into each
other and kissed in front of everyone
very quickly it was d-day juno didn't
tell paulie because that day he had a
running competition
with everyone's cheers a healthy child
had come to this world
after finishing the game paulie went
straight to the hospital
he held juno within his hands and they
decided not to visit their baby
because the baby is vanessa's now
vanessa was holding the baby like a
newly giving birth mother
in just a blink the summer had come juno
rode her bicycle to polly's house
the two of them started singing and
playing guitar as the other people said
they met their destinies
but they are against others that their
true love began after having a child
in this story the main female character
is a courageous girl
facing the pregnancy her solution was
much more humane compared to others
the actress playing the role of juno
ellen page has officially announced
transsexual
this movie was filmed before she
announced it